* Robert Beezer, Professor Emeritus, University of Puget Sound

Dr. Rob Beezer is a Professor Emeritus at the University of Puget Sound, whre he
taught mathematics for 38 years. He authored an open source linear algebra
textbook in 2004, which continues to be popular today. Based on this experience,
in 2013 he founded PreTeXt, an authoring and publishing platform for scholarly
documents. It has been a pleasant surprise to see how the underlying philosophy
of PreTeXt has led to the automated creation of multiple accessible output
formats.


* Michael Cantino, Accessibility Specialist, Portland, Oregon

Michael Cantino is an educator, braille transcriber, and artist living in
Portland, Oregon. Michael worked in highly-specialized K12 special education
programs for over a decade before joining Portland Community College in 2017 as
an Accessibility Specialist. In 2021, Michael joined Northwest Regional ESD to
serve as the BVIS Technology Professional Development Specialist for the state
of Oregon.

Michael has participated in extensive research into the use of 3D printed models
for blind learners, with a particular focus on the production of tactile
maps. In 2019, he completed the large-scale Portland State University tactile
map.


* Alexei Kolesnikov, Professor, Towson University

Dr. Alexei Kolesnikov is a Professor of Mathematics at Towson University. He has
received a PhD in Mathematics at Carnegie Mellon University; his main research
focus is model theory, a field of study in mathematical logic. In addition to
research, he is interested in helping all students engage in mathematical
professions. He has directed a large number of undergraduate research
projects. He is a member of the Raised Mathematics Project, aiming to produce
high quality tactile versions of mathematical texts.


* Al Maneki, Senior STEM Advisor, NFB Jernigan Institute

Dr. Al Maneki is a blind mathematician who serves as STEM advisor to the NFB
Jernigan Institute. He has received a PhD in Mathematics from Illinois Institute
of Technology and worked as a research mathematician for the Department of
Defense. He is passionate about opening opportunities in the STEM fields for
blind youth. He is a founding member of the Raised Mathematics Project. More
information about Dr. Al Maneki can be found in [this
article](https://nfb.org/sites/default/files/images/nfb/publications/bm/bm12/bm1207/bm120702.htm).


* Volker Sorge, Professor, Progressive Accessibility Solutions

Dr. Volker Sorge is a Professor in Document Analysis and Accessibility at the
University of Birmingham, UK and Adjunct Faculty at IIT Delhi, India. He is
working primarily on diagram recognition, mathematical document analysis and
handwriting recognition. Practical applications of his research include STEM
accessibility with a particular focus on Web technologies and eBooks. He has
been working as a Visiting Scientist with Google on math integration into
ChromeVox. He is a member of the MathJax consortium responsible for the
integration of accessible rendering of mathematical formulas on the web. And
with his company Progressive Accessibility Solutions, he concentrates on
accessibility technology that exploits image analysis to generate accessible
STEM diagrams.
